ImPack2 image format
====================

ImPack2 stores data in images by storing the data in the values of the 3 color
channels. Data is stored row by row: A row is read/written from left to right
and the image from top to bottom. Each pixel can hold upto 3 bytes (1 byte per
channel) in the following order: red, green, blue.

First pixel
-----------
The first pixel (top left corner) defines what color channels are enabled. If
a channel is used to hold data, that channel's value is set to 255. If all 3
channels are set to 0, the image is grayscale and all 3 channels hold the same
value (any channel can be used while decoding).

Header/metadata
---------------

The bytestream encoded inside the image starts with a header that contains
various metadata:

1.) Magic number (4 bytes)
    The ASCII string "ImP2" (without quotes).
2.) Version number (1 byte)
    Currently, this number is always set to 0. It may be increased in the
    future to indicate an incompatible change to the image format.
3.) Encryption flag (1 byte)
    If this is set to 0, the data is not encrypted and set to 1 if it is.
    This number may have a higher value in the future if a different
    encryption algorithm is added.
4.) Compression flag (1 byte)
    If this is set to 0, the data is not compressed. If compression is
    enabled, this number contains the ID of the compression algorithm (see
    below).
5.) Data length (8 bytes)
    An unsigned 64-bit integer (big endian) that contains the length of the
    actual data (after compression, without padding)
6.) Filename length (4 bytes)
    An unsigned 32-bit integer (big endian) that contains the length of the
    filename (without padding)
7.) Checksum (8 bytes)
    A CRC-64 checksum of the file before compression and encryption (big
    endian).
8.) IV (16 bytes, optional)
    AES-CBC initialization vector (only if encryption is enabled)
9.) Filename (variable length)
    The filename of the original file (or any placeholder if the filename
    should not be included). Can be encrypted. (If encrypted, padding is added
    to fill up the last block.)
10.) Data (variable length)
     The actual file. Can be compressed and encrypted. (If encrypted, padding
     is added to fill up the last block.)

TODO: Document encryption and compression

